486 - Add ids data grid filters (#624)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/components/ids-data-grid/README.md

- `rowdeselected` Fires for each row that is deselected.
- `rowactivated` Fires for each row that is activated.
- `rowdeactivated` Fires for each row that is deactivated.
- `filtered` Fires after a filter action occurs, clear or apply filter condition.
- `filteroperatorchanged` Fires once a filter operator changed.
- `openfilterrow` Fires after the filter row is opened by the user.
- `closefilterrow` Fires after the filter row is closed by the user.

## Filters

> Data rows can be easily filter based on one or several criteria. Whole filter row can turn on/off by api setting `filterable` and can be disabled by api setting `filter-row-disabled`. The filter conditions apply thru the UI or programmatically. Each column can have its own filter type and turn on/off by columns setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data rows can be filter based on one or several criteria. Whole filter row can turned on/off by the api setting `filterable` and can be disabled by the api setting `filter-row-disabled`. The filter conditions can be applied thru the UI or programmatically. Each column can have its own filter type and turn on/off by columns setting.
```
